CASMHMS-6144: Update CSM 1.6 docs to reflect CAPMC removal (#5319)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: introduction/deprecated_features/README.md

been made, that information will be available on this page. For any deprecated features listed on this page that do not yet have an announced CSM
version for their planned removal, customers are still strongly encouraged to make plans to migrate away from the deprecated feature.

> - [Deprecated Features](#deprecated-features)
>     - [Removals](#removals)
>         - [Removals in CSM 1.4](#removals-in-csm-14)
>         - [Removals in CSM 1.5](#removals-in-csm-15)
>         - [Removals in CSM 1.6](#removals-in-csm-16)
>     - [Deprecations](#deprecations)
>         - [Deprecated in CSM 1.5](#deprecated-in-csm-15)
>         - [Deprecated in CSM 1.3](#deprecated-in-csm-13)
>         - [Deprecated in CSM 1.2](#deprecated-in-csm-12)
>         - [Deprecated in CSM 1.0](#deprecated-in-csm-10)
>         - [Deprecated in CSM 0.9.3](#deprecated-in-csm-093)

Reviewer: No need to include the page itself in the table of contents.

```suggestion
- [Removals](#removals)
    - [Removals in CSM 1.4](#removals-in-csm-14)
    - [Removals in CSM 1.5](#removals-in-csm-15)
    - [Removals in CSM 1.6](#removals-in-csm-16)
- [Deprecations](#deprecations)
    - [Deprecated in CSM 1.5](#deprecated-in-csm-15)
    - [Deprecated in CSM 1.3](#deprecated-in-csm-13)
    - [Deprecated in CSM 1.2](#deprecated-in-csm-12)
    - [Deprecated in CSM 1.0](#deprecated-in-csm-10)
    - [Deprecated in CSM 0.9.3](#deprecated-in-csm-093)
```

Reviewer: This can be handled with a different ticket.

Author: Fixed.

### Removals in CSM 1.4

- [SLS](../../glossary.md#system-layout-service-sls) support for downloading and uploading credentials in the `dumpstate` and `loadstate` REST APIs

### Removals in CSM 1.5

- [Compute Rolling Upgrade Service (CRUS)](../../glossary.md#compute-rolling-upgrade-service-crus)
- Deprecated [Boot Orchestration Service (BOS)](../../glossary.md#boot-orchestration-service-bos)
  v1 session template and boot set fields are no longer stored in BOS.
    - This applied to the following deprecated BOS v1 session template fields: `cfs_branch`, `cfs_url`, `partition`
    - This applied to the following deprecated BOS v1 boot set fields: `boot_ordinal`, `network`, `shutdown_ordinal`
    - When upgrading to CSM 1.5, these fields were automatically removed from all BOS session
      templates that contain them.
    - When creating BOS v1 session templates in CSM 1.5, these fields were automatically removed.

### Removals in CSM 1.6

- [Boot Orchestration Service (BOS)](../../glossary.md#boot-orchestration-service-bos) v1
- [Cray Advanced Platform Monitoring and Control (CAPMC)](../../glossary.md#cray-advanced-platform-monitoring-and-control-capmc)

>   was deprecated in CSM 1.5 and intended to be removed from CSM 1.6.  The decision was made to not
>   remove it in CSM 1.6 so that existing dependencies that have not yet transitioned to
>   [Power Control Service (PCS)](../../glossary.md#power-control-service-pcs) do not break.  Support
>   for CAPMC however, is removed starting in CSM 1.6.  We encourage everyone to transition to PCS as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  was deprecated in CSM 1.5 and intended to be removed from CSM 1.6. The decision was made to not
  remove it in CSM 1.6 so that existing dependencies that have not yet transitioned to
  [Power Control Service (PCS)](../../glossary.md#power-control-service-pcs) do not break. Support
  for CAPMC however, is removed starting in CSM 1.6. Everyone is encouraged to transition to PCS as
```

Author: Fixed.

Reviewer: I don't see this change -- have you pushed it up yet?
